docs: fix broken links on using workflows section (#14278)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/workflows/section-run-on-specific-branches-or-tags.md

If you define only `tags`/`tag-ignore` or only `branches`/`branches-ignore`, the workflow won't run for events affecting the undefined Git ref. If you define neither  `tags`/`tag-ignore` or `branches`/`branches-ignore`, the workflow will run for events affecting either branches or tags. If you define both `branches`/`branches-ignore` and [`paths`](#onpushpull_requestpull_request_targetpathspaths-ignore), the workflow will only run when both filters are satisfied.

> The `branches`, `branches-ignore`, `tags`, and `tags-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch or tag name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to *escape* each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."

Reviewer: Let's use the current path instead of relying on a redirect.

```suggestion
The `branches`, `branches-ignore`, `tags`, and `tags-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch or tag name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to *escape* each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."
```
